README.md, before:

# Brainhack Donostia 2018

## Hello, World!
Welcome to the git repository of the Brainhack Donostia 2018. Here you will find all the necessary materials for the tutorials; so, stay tuned!

## How to Register?
Meanwhile, if you haven't done it already, why don't you visit our [website](http://www.bcbl.eu/events/BrainHackDonostia2018) and [register](http://www.bcbl.eu/events/BrainhackDonostia2018/en/registration/ "Register") for the event? You can also join us on [Slack](https://brainhack.slack.com/messages/bhg18-donostia "Slack Channel") and let us know what would you like to see in the event!

## Venue
The event will take place at [Basque Center on Cognition Brain and Language (BCBL)](https://www.google.es/maps/place/BCBL+-+Basque+Center+on+Cognition,+Brain+and+Language/@43.294269,-1.9882887,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m5!3m4!1s0xd51afe05db924a1:0xaa992e65461e64d7!8m2!3d43.294269!4d-1.9861), Donostia-San Sebastian, Spain.

## Contact Us
For any query related to the event, you can contact us at [info.bhg-donostia@bcbl.eu](mailto:info.bhg-donostia@bcbl.eu).

Commit message:

add links for downloadable materials

README.md, after:

# Brainhack Donostia 2018

## Hello, World!
Welcome to the git repository of the Brainhack Donostia 2018. Here you will find all the necessary materials for the tutorials; so, stay tuned!

## How to Register?
Meanwhile, if you haven't done it already, why don't you visit our [website](http://www.bcbl.eu/events/BrainHackDonostia2018) and [register](http://www.bcbl.eu/events/BrainhackDonostia2018/en/registration/ "Register") for the event? You can also join us on [Slack](https://brainhack.slack.com/messages/bhg18-donostia "Slack Channel") and let us know what would you like to see in the event!

## BrainHack Materials
Here, we are adding the download links for different materials you are going to need to go through different activities and talks that we have organized for you:

* First and foremost, to avoid wasting our time in installation of software and dealing with compatibility issues on many different operating systems, we have created two different virtual machines that you can choose from, depending on the sessions that you want to attend:
	1. [based on ubuntu 16.04 (~8GB)](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1koBn7u_Tgdk7-pTMWvqKimKRd5ArdFPE?usp=sharing), with python and python libraries installed, and
	2. [based on ubuntu 16.04 (~10GB)](https://drive.google.com/open?id=1NVSNP--MPWLiJDeSatw7WPuVPtGUoBew), with all software except for MATLAB and FieldTrip.
* for NIRS and MEG sessions, all the materials that you might need to use in the tutorials have been uploaded [here](https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1rJE7pCIAXI_Zk0yXVERBA-Dai3_FGrQW)

## Venue
The event will take place at [Basque Center on Cognition Brain and Language (BCBL)](https://www.google.es/maps/place/BCBL+-+Basque+Center+on+Cognition,+Brain+and+Language/@43.294269,-1.9882887,17z/data=!3m1!4b1!4m5!3m4!1s0xd51afe05db924a1:0xaa992e65461e64d7!8m2!3d43.294269!4d-1.9861), Donostia-San Sebastian, Spain.

## Contact Us
For any query related to the event, you can contact us at [info.bhg-donostia@bcbl.eu](mailto:info.bhg-donostia@bcbl.eu).
